
  Hmm. We’re having trouble finding that site.

We can’t connect to the server at getpocket.com.

has a security policy called HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS),
which means that Firefox can only connect to it securely. You can’t add
an exception to visit this site.

has a security policy called HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS),
which means that Firefox can only connect to it securely. You can’t add
an exception to visit this site.
*If that address is correct, here are three other things you can try:*

  * Try again later.
  * Check your network connection.
  * If you are connected but behind a firewall, check that Firefox has
    permission to access the Web.

Learn more…
<https://support.mozilla.org/1/firefox/78.10.0/Linux/en-US/connection-not-secure>

Open Site in New Window

This website might not support the TLS 1.2 protocol, which is the
minimum version supported by Firefox. Enabling TLS 1.0 and TLS 1.1 might
allow this connection to succeed.

TLS 1.0 and TLS 1.1 will be permanently disabled in a future release.

Enable TLS 1.0 and 1.1

It looks like your network security settings might be causing this. Do
you want the default settings to be restored?

Restore default settings
Go Back (Recommended) Open Network Login Page Try Again Advanced…
Try Again

View Certificate <javascript:void(0)>
Go Back (Recommended)

Try Again
Accept the Risk and Continue

Report errors like this to help Mozilla identify and block malicious sites

Copy text to clipboard
Copy text to clipboard
